---
layout: level
title: Babe of Transcension
date: 2024-02-15
Author: asfdsadfsadf, cjm8026, ColT, Sunset_, zyx098
Helpers: ["Cloud", "Trombikus", "Lord of Cheeses", "Meea", "cmqm0729"]
tags: ["polished", "very-hard"]
version-start: v1.8.2
version-end: v1.8.2
images: [
    "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JumpKingPlus/JumpKingPlus.github.io/www/images/workshop/levels/ws49-banner.png",
    "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JumpKingPlus/JumpKingPlus.github.io/www/images/workshop/levels/ws49-2.png",
    "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JumpKingPlus/JumpKingPlus.github.io/www/images/workshop/levels/ws49-3.png",
    "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JumpKingPlus/JumpKingPlus.github.io/www/images/workshop/levels/ws49-4.png"
]
bitly: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dZkZRF2IkKmB7KwGTaSgLj_Aq1n0RxvF/view?usp=drive_link
video: y2EXN9S7Kx4
levelId: "49"
hidden: false
isPolished: true
---

After various tactical jumping escapades through dimensions, realms and more, you once again face another challenge.

With familiar gimmicks and new obstacles guarding the zenith, only the strongest wills shall reach what's above. Can you transcend your limits and reach the very end? 

<!-- more -->

<div id="description">
    <h2>Description</h2>
    <p>Ascending from the deep, achieving immortality, traveling across dimensions and realms, and even hitting the peak of both heaven and hell... those perilous adventures have enhanced your abilities as a king over the time. And after a long while since your last journey, you receive an envelope, which reads:</p>
    <p>"Greetings, you may not know me, but I've been watching you ever since you fell down deep below. At first, I thought you'd face the same fate as any others would, but you were different. You were persistent and determined. Watching you obtain immortality made me believe that you'd be the one to save me. Please, take the compass I enclosed with the letter. It will lead you to a hidden landscape where barely anybody found their way into. I will wait for you to overcome it all once again, and give my brightest smile when I meet you. Until then, Goodbye."</p>
    <p>Upon reading the message, you get a feeling that this may be the toughest journey by far. What even would take for a journey to be tougher than achieving immortality? Breaking the flow of time? Traveling through past and future? Perhaps even more. Something like... transcending your own limits.</p>
    <p>Without further ado, you snatch the compass, and head to your destination. </p>
    <p>100+ screens of new adventure awaits you. Can you make it to the top once again?</p>
    <br>
    <p>*This map is impossible to clear with Boots + Ring.</p>
</div>